This phrase is sitting here in my notes
because you've used it a bunch.
Technofudalism. You've talked about the
idea that Silicon Valley is basically
trying to bring in as much foreign labor
as possible to presumably keep its own
costs down. That's obviously part of
what you mean by technofudalism. But I
don't think that's all of it, right?
This is not just about H-1B visas. No.
>> So give me a broader view of what you
think is wrong with the Silicon Valley
view.
>> Just a quick bunch of history. the the
Obama is the most in the progressive
administration, him and Biden the most
reactionary in American history. Number
one, he made a fouousium bargain with
the sociopathic overlords on in Wall
Street to bail us out of the 2008 crisis
which still hasn't been resolved. At the
same time that we the Obama and the and
the established order went to Silicon
Valley and made a deal with them and the
deal was the following. We will allow
you to become the
most the wealthiest people in the
history of the world. We will let you
create an apartheite state. We will let
you become monopolies for no anti-rade.
In fact, that's why you got Google and
search. You got Facebook and what they
do. You got Twitter and what they do. Uh
you've got Amazon destroying small
business for the CCP. Every one of these
guys a monopoly in the justice
department for 10 or 12 years has just
looked the other way. You we so we'll
let you become monopolies. will let you
become the wealthiest people on earth.
But here's the bargain. Here's what you
have to do. You have to make the
hegeimon, the United States, and the
post-war international rules-based order
and the ruling class of this country,
you have to make us a dominant dominant
technological power of which we can we
have the commanding heist can never be
questioned. And over the last 72 hours,
what we've seen is two things. Number
one is social media. The Chinese
Communist Party and the PLA created Tik
Tok, which is far more powerful than all
the social media platforms these guys
put together, right? Forget that they
use the information and the ownership.
I'm just talking about the addictive
nature and how how evil can be put in
there. And we now know that all the
really, let's say, hundreds of billions
of dollars, not tens of billions, that
we put into the theory of the case of
blunt force computing power that, you
know, the Green New Deal's forgotten,
climate change is forgotten. You got to,
you know, you got to build uh power
generators everywhere. You got to give
over federal land for data centers
everywhere. are five times the five. We
got to burn more coal, more oil for
these data centers because our our
method of AI, we understand that if this
is not a scop, which I don't think it
totally is, we've had our Sputnik
moment. And guess what? The oligarchs
that we created who were all progressive
Democrats absolutely [__]
faceplanted. Now, here's the point. In
technofudalism,
you're just a digital surf. Your value
as a human being as someone built in the
made in the image and likeness of God
and endowed with the life spirit of the
Holy Spirit is not they they don't
consider that everything's digital to
them. They are at the end of the day
transhumanist. And what is
transhumanist? Transhumanist is somebody
says homo sapien here and homo sapien
plus right plus on the other side what
they call the singularity. And that's
why they're all rushing, whether it's
artificial intelligence, regenerative
robotics, quantum computing, advanced
chip design, crisper, biotech, all of
it, to come to this point of which the
oligarchs are going to lead that
revolution. And why are they going to do
it? Number one, when you get to know
them and see where they're spending the
money, it's because they want eternal
life. You know why? Because they're
complete atheistic 11-year-old boys that
are kind of science fiction Dungeons and
Dragons guys. And we've turned the
nation over to that. And yes, I'm going
to fight it every [__] step of the
way. This is taking us back a millennium
to feudalism. This is what their mo
their business model is based upon that.
And the progressive left made a deal
with these guys. They're all lefties.
Elon got the first awakening because he
could kind of as an engineer, you could
kind of see the math. He fully supported
our plan of a base plus election go the
lowinformation voters and the moms for
America who had flipped during the
pandemic. He backed that strategy and
the dude wrote a $250 million check over
five months unprecedented to back our
play. He's the first. But the rest of
them, even Andre, they're all super
progressive liberals. They're all
technofudalists. They don't give a
flying [__] about the human being. And I
don't care if you're black, white, uh,
Hispanic, Chinese. They don't care. And
they have to be stopped. If we don't
stop it and we don't stop it now, it's
going to destroy not just this country,
it's going to destroy the world. And
you've seen this artificial
intelligence. We have no controls over
this. We've allowed these monopolies to
exist. And now we know they're getting
their ass handed to them, I think,
by the Chinese Communist Party. We're in
deep [__] right now. We're in a crisis.
>> All right. I want to I want to go to the
transhumanist stuff first and then to
the policy stuff and Trump and whether
any of this can be stopped. So to me, I
think that there there are different
groups in Silicon Valley. I think that
you're right that generally people,
including readers of this newspaper,
listeners of this podcast, underestimate
just how weird the long-term ambitions
of a lot of people deeply involved in
Silicon Valley are, especially around
artificial intelligence. And that there
is this sort of No, wait, wait, let me
bling the network state. Let's talk
about that. They're not weird.
They're radicals. They're radical.
>> That's that's a rat. I I
>> Yeah, the the network state we can save
for the next time I have you on. For
now, let's just focus on
this news. Bannon's actually going to be
invited back.
>> We're going to every every week, man.
>> So, listen. So, so the transhumanism
stuff though, so with it's to me it
seemed like one of the things that
pulled Elon Musk into the conservative
coalition was that while he's not
certainly not a religious conservative,
not but he is a kind of weirdo humanist,
right? He likes the human race. He wants
the human race to continue. No. Okay.
So, you don't you don't see to me to me
it seems like he's in one group. Musk.
Look, Musk is
>> just as transhumanist as the rest of us.
>> No, since Edison maybe our greatest
applied engineer,
>> okay,
>> he is a genius in that. Agreed. And and
so he looks at this thing as all kind of
mathematical equations and from
engineering in a big brain. When he puts
on something, he can solve it.
>> He is the the most prominent of that
crowd that's warned against artificial
intelligence and artificial general
intelligence. It's one of the reasons he
and the uh Altman at at at OpenAI have
had so many big fights besides
>> fans of each other. Yep.
>> Not they hate each other. I mean and and
and part of that's personal, but part of
it is philosophical and brother Musk is
far probably the farthest down the line
cuz he's the most advanced in chip in
chipping. So I think Neuralink is one of
the most most aggressive about
Homo sapien
1.0 or homo sapien 2.0. know Elon is at
the tip of this and Elon is actually on
an applied engineering basis, not
[__] talk. He is probably the
farthest advanced for transhumanism.
People have to understand in the life
and I say life next 10 years of your
audience. We're going to be facing a
dilemma for yourself and your kids. Do
you enhance yourself? Do you enhance
yourself either by genetic engineering?
Do you enhance yourself by quant by
advanced chip design plugged into you?
Do you advance yourself by artificial
intelligence? Elon's one of the top
accelerationists about driving this
thing faster faster at accelerating at
an increasing rate. You're going to have
to make a choice in your own life, not
just politically in society, your own
life. Do I do this? Am I a lite? Will I
get left behind? More importantly, will
my children get left behind? Do my
children have a shot to really play
sports in a division one level or do my
kids have a ability to go to an Ivy
League school uh unless I get them
enhanced? These questions, deep
questions never before handled in
mankind's history are going to happen
and going to happen in the next couple
of years.
>> But so let's let's then take it back to
politics, right? I don't see this
critique that you're offering a kind of
we'll call it a kind of religious
humanist critique of Silicon Valley
where AI is going maybe where you know
digital augmentation is going. I don't
see this as
expressed in any kind of powerful way in
the Trump White House two weeks in you
know making big announcements with you
know with Sam Alman right big
announcements about investing in AI. One
of the main reasons clearly from my
conversation with Mark Andre that part
of Silicon Valley swung toward Trump was
a fear of regulation on AI from the
Biden administration. I completely agree
with you that the Obama era made this
kind of broad-based deal with Silicon
Valley. Different people would describe
it differently, but there was a deal.
The Biden administration reneged on the
deal, right? They went they did
antitrust stuff. They try, you know,
they tried to regulate all these things.
>> I'm going to disagree. I'm going to
disagree with you. The the whole of
government indeed the whole of society
had a thing that they wanted a few large
entities of which they then could kind
of try to control right and and stop the
entrepreneurs. And that's I think Andre
in the venture capital community.
>> Yeah. Andre Andre he he was Yeah. He he
obviously did not like that. But I mean
even from but from your perspective
right if AI is a threat to our humanity
and it's going to happen in some form
it's going to happen in China in some
form right wouldn't it be better to have
the Biden approach of a kind of state
capture of AI than to have you know
endless proliferating technology or is
it better to have like which form of AI
do you as an AI skeptic prefer the Andre
version or the Biden you know three big
company version.
>> If you have Ross, let me stop. If you
have the beginning of the kinetic part
of the third world war on the Eurasian
landmass and you have
>> meaning China versus Taiwan, just to put
it in layman's terms,
>> no, I mean a million a million7 people
killed in Ukraine or or wounded in
Ukraine. The Middle East, I'm talking
about that. And and by the way, China
Yeah. I'm saying Trump's got to handle
that. The problems are such a scale and
what he's doing there is magnificent.
Now when you talk about the deeper
issues we face,
you know, it's it's a process. I started
off when I first started this, you know,
people that I really admire were just
like populism, what are you talking
about? It's like, and don't say
nationalism because that's, you know,
nationalism doesn't go to good place. I
said, no, we're populist nationalists.
So I I've had long odds before. This
one's long odds. Now we've got the
Sputnik moment that can you let the
Chinese Communist Party get ahead of
you? Can you let these bad actors get
ahead of you? And now we're in a
horrible national security dilemma and
yes, President Trump as he always does
and this is the way President Trump
rolls. President Trump listens to a lot
of voices and he will think it over and
then he'll make a decision. And clearly
the tech the broligarchs have because of
their ability to get in there. And also
I consider the uh inauguration day like
they're on display like on the deck of
the battleship Missouri and he's
MacArthur and they're there. They're
they're the Imperial Japanese staff
sending the surrender document. But
they're in there. They're inside they're
inside the wire.
>> Well and there's a difference. I mean I
think what you said about Zuckerberg
though is right. There's a group of
people in tech who decided to support
Trump. the night that he won the 2024
election. That's absolutely true. And a
lot of the guys who were there for the
inauguration were, you know, I think
general defeated generals paraded in a
Roman triumph, right?
>> But Musk is Musk is not like that,
right? Musk is not like that. A bunch of
the people around Musk are not like
that. And
>> I don't think Andre's like that either,
>> right? No, the these are people who were
who were already deeply alienated from
>> Hang on. Hang on. Andre and Musk are
smart enough to be able to get below the
surface on the numbers and see the
direction of the country and climb on
board as the technofudalist early on.
They they are hardcore technofudalist.
They're not populist. You know, I tease
Elon all the time. If I could turn him
from a technofudist globalist to a
populist nationalist, we can make some
progress here. He's a definitely a
technofudist. A one of the hardest core
and and so is Andre. Andre, these guys
are smart. I mean, Andre, these guys,
you're talking about genius level
intelligence. These are not dumb people,
but
they're not with us when it comes to the
the little guy. Listen.
>> Right. Well, their view but their view
is let's let's get let's give it this
due. Right. Their their view is
connected to the argument you just made,
right? Which is that there's a
technological frontier. We are competing
with China on a technological frontier.
Andre basically made a kind of his own
he did not make a populist argument but
he made a nationalist argument. He said,
"Look, the we want and what the Trump
administration has promised us is for
America to win, for our companies to
win, for us to out compete the Chinese
and have what it takes to keep America,
you know, sort of ahead of the curve,
which we are at the moment. Even yes, I
I agree the, you know, deepseek the sort
of the Chinese AI raises a lot of
questions. I don't believe
I don't believe one [__] sentence of
that. They don't believe that. They
believe in this country because right
now it protects them and provides some
some benefits to them. Remember, we
bailed out these [__] on Silicon Valley
Bank. Biden bailed them out when they
couldn't make payroll. They could make
payroll if they put more of their own
money in, but they wouldn't. They have
little guy bail him out in the Silicon
Valley bank. Now, in the last couple of
days, what are they talking about? Oh my
gosh, we need a Marshall plan. We need a
space plan. We need a Mercury plan. We
need hundreds of billions of dollars
from taxpayers. that they want
essentially a bailout. If it's a Sputnik
moment, somebody's got to ask a
question. Yo, Andre, we made a deal with
you guys. Uh Elon, we made a deal with
you guys. We made you oligarchs. We made
you the richest people in the [__]
history of the earth. We stopped any
antirust. This is what pisses me off the
most. No antitrust. Not breaking these
companies up and allowing entrepreneurs
to get in there and and because doesn't
believe in the entrepreneurial system in
the country. No way.
>> I mean, I don't know. Just to just to
just to defend prior guests on this
program as a matter of policy, you know,
I I think there is a big difference
between how the sort of the big social
media companies regarded themselves and
how venture capital world regarded
itself. I'm not going to look into
anybody's soul and think about whether
they believe in America, but they do
believe they believe in a different form
of competition than does than does
Google and Facebook and so on. I think
that's and I think that's why they've
always been that's why they were always
more sympathetic to but I'm not saying
even Andre's a bad guy at the heart of
it but they're not they don't think of
the sovereign you know they're American
as an idea America's not an idea it's
not it's a country with a border and a a
group of citizens that's the greatest
resource we've ever had and the
apartheid state of Silicon Valley thinks
we don't need our greatest resource
which are American citizens they'd
rather
import basically indentured servants to
work at third less and have an
apartheite state and then as soon as
they can replace them with digital
surfs.
>> All right, let's bring that's good.
Let's bring it back to policy
>> then to Trump himself on policy
>> again. I don't think any of this is
happening but what is you know what what
is the specific populist answer to the
oligarchs that you're talking about? Is
it, you know, we should, you know, Trump
should keep Lena Khan around and do
antitrust stuff? Is it, you know,
taxation on these companies? Is it just
not spending money and not investing in
AI? Is it regulations on AI? What what
what you could wave a magic wand and
have the Trump White House do what you
want around this stuff? What would you
do? Number one, I would be a huge
supporter of Lena Khan remaining and I
would love to see Lena Khan given more
power and I think we ought to go and
break up Silicon Valley because
obviously in their scale they haven't
performed very well. Let's be brutally
frank. If we're to believe Tik Tok, the
power of Tik Tok, which is evident,
self-evident, and if you believe the
power or the nent power of deepseek and
other things that are being released
right now. So uh I also believe you have
to have kind of massive you cannot we
can't be in a situation where the state
underwrites and gives the accumulation
of power. If the revolutionary
generation came back they would spit on
the floor. And look it's complicated.
There are no easy solutions. I would
love to have I first I would like to
have a quick a quick investigation and
exactly how the intelligence community
missed this. There's so many questions
and I I realize that people who are
humanist or people who are are religious
and put their religion at the center of
their being are going to be really on
their back foot now with all the forces
of world power against you and the pre
and the thing is going to be you can't
be a lite to be a lite and to want this
to slow down or like the people in the
Fahrenheit 415 or whatever the the the
book or out in the woods have memorized
>> they're reading they're memorizing right
memorizing the great books the humanist.
>> Well, we'll have podcasts.
>> The human element in the in the
humanist,
>> you don't have that moment because right
now we have to strike because you have
to compete on a national security basis
because this is like Sputnik. It's an
arms race. We're in a nuclear arms race.
And I would just tell people and
particularly your readers who do not
agree with me politically on anything,
if I can beseech you for one thing is
you must start to understand the moment
we're in.